Explicitly describe how selector rules are applied (#20828)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/resource-groups.md

- `group` (required): the group these queries will run in.

> All rules within a single selector are applied following an AND logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All rules within a single selector are combined using a logic `AND`, and therefore all rules must match for a selector to be applied.
```

Reviewer 2: `logic AND` --> `logical AND` I assume?

Reviewer: well.. either is fine grammatically from what I know .. maybe we can refer to the expert - @colebow  ?

> (i.e. all rules must match for a selector to be applied).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
